docs: refine Babel config merging strategies (#2531)
babel/website: docs/configuration.md

### How Babel merges config items

For each config items mentioned above, Babel applies `Object.assign` on the option object, which means the option value will be overwritten by another one with higher priority. However, the following options have specialized strategies:

> - for `plugins` and `presets`, Babel merge them by `Array#concat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for `plugins` and `presets`, Babel merges them via `Array#concat`.
```

> - for `parserOpts`, `generatorOpts` and `assumptions`, Babel merge them by `Object.assign`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for `parserOpts`, `generatorOpts` and `assumptions`, Babel merges them via `Object.assign`
```

### How Babel merges config items

Babel's configuration merging is relatively straightforward. Options will overwrite existing options

> when they are present, and their value is not `undefined`, with a few special cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when they are present and their value is not `undefined`. There are, however, a few special cases:
```

- For `assumptions`, `parserOpts` and `generatorOpts`, objects are merged, rather than replaced, using the same logic as top-level options.
- For `plugins` and `presets`, they are replaced based on the identity of the plugin/preset object/function itself combined with the name of the entry.

#### Option merging

As an example, consider a config with:

```js
{
  sourceType: "script",
  assumptions: {
    setClassFields: true,
    iterableIsArray: false
  },
  env: {
    test: {
      sourceType: "module",
      assumptions: {
        iterableIsArray: true,
      },
    }
  }
};
```

> When `NODE_ENV` is `test`, the `test` item will be merged on top of the top-level plugins.

Reviewer: I think you an combine these into:

```suggestion
When `NODE_ENV` is `test`, the `sourceType` option will be replaced and the `assumptions` option will be merged. The effective config is:
```

The `sourceType` option will be replaced and the `assumptions` option will be merged, resulting
in a config as

```js
{
  sourceType: "module", // sourceType: "script" is overwritten
  assumptions: {
    setClassFields: true,
    iterableIsArray: true, // assumptions are merged by Object.assign
  },
}
```

> #### Plugin/Preset merging

Author: Yeah, the intention is options except plugins/presets. A config item in `@babel/core` have `plugins`, `presets` and `options`. But yeah you are right, we should figure out a new term.

Babel's configuration merging is relatively straightforward. Options will overwrite existing options
when they are present and their value is not `undefined`. There are, however, a few special cases:

- For `assumptions`, `parserOpts` and `generatorOpts`, objects are merged, rather than replaced.
- For `plugins` and `presets`, they are replaced based on the identity of the plugin/preset object/function itself combined with the name of the entry.

> #### Option (except Plugin/Preset) merging

Reviewer 2: Small thing: Do you consider Plugin and Preset proper nouns, hence why they are capitalized? I would have thought they should be lower-cased.

Author: Thanks for grammatical suggestions! They are copied from the next section.
```suggestion
#### Option (except plugin/preset) merging
```

    ["plugin-1a", { loose: true }],
    "plugin-1b",
    ["plugin-1a", { loose: false }],
    "plugin-2b",
  ], // new plugins are pushed
  presets: ["preset-1a", "preset-1a", "preset-2b"], // new presets are pushed
  sourceType: "module", // sourceType: "script" is overwritten
  assumptions: {
    setClassFields: true,

>     iterableIsArray: true, // assumptions: merged by Object.assign

Author: ```suggestion
    iterableIsArray: true, // assumptions are merged by Object.assign
```
